[CIAPP] Add instructions to correlate pipelines executed in Jenkins workers with infrastructure metrics. (#15139)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/setup_pipelines/jenkins.md

TRACE -> http://<HOST>:<TRACE_PORT>/v0.3/traces
{{< /code-block >}}

### Infrastructure metric correlation

If you are using Jenkins workers, you can corralate pipelines with the infrastructure that is running them. For this feature to work:

1. Install the [Datadog Agent][1] in every Jenkins worker.
2. Set and export a new environment variable called `DD_CI_HOSTNAME` in every Jenkins worker with the worker hostname. 

>     1. It must be the same hostname that the Datadog Agent is reporting in the infrastructure metrics for that worker.
>     2. You can use either fixed values or another environment variables as valid values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * It must be the same hostname that the Datadog Agent is reporting in the infrastructure metrics for that worker.
  * You can use fixed values or other environment variables as valid values.
```

```bash
# Using fixed value
export DD_CI_HOSTNAME=my-hostname

# Using other environment variable
export DD_CI_HOSTNAME=$HOSTNAME
```

> Notice this is only required for Jenkins workers. For the Jenkins controller, the infrastructure metric correlation does not required additional actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is only required for Jenkins workers. For the Jenkins controller, the infrastructure metric correlation does not require additional actions.
```
